Add testnet info to README.md (#213)
nucypher/nucypher-ts: README.md

yarn add @nucypher/nucypher-ts
```

### Mainnet and Testnet releases

> `nucypher-ts` supports early testnet releases at `oryx`, `tapir`, and `lynx` networks, as well as a stable `mainnet` release. You can see up-to-date versions and their respective networks on [npm.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nucypher/nucypher-ts?activeTab=versions). See example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nucypher-ts` supports early testnet releases at `oryx`, `tapir`, and `lynx` networks, as well as a stable `mainnet` release. You can see up-to-date versions and the respective network tags on [npm.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nucypher/nucypher-ts?activeTab=versions). See example below:
```

![image](https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-ts/assets/39299780/44d1e3e8-1d0b-4381-bbbc-1bcffae009c4)

Here, we can see that the `mainnet` version, which is also the `nucypher-ts@latest` version, corresponds to `nucypher-ts@0.10.0`. We can also see that `tapir` and `oryx` networks both support early release of `nucypher-ts@1.0.0-beta.1`.

> Make sure you're connected to the proper network with a supported `nucypher-ts` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you use the relevant `nucypher-ts` version depending on the network you intend to use.
```
